Users will be shown a title card displaying the images that will be shown in game, as well as a 'play' button that will initate the game.

Once the user clicks play, a 4x4 board will appear along with 16 individual cards. The board will randomize the cards at the start of every game. Along with the board appearing, a count up timer and a turns counter will also be displayed.

At the beginning of the game, images for all 16 cards will display the same image indicating that the cards are turned upside down.

If users click on a card, the card  will reveal a new img. 

Users are then able to click on another card, which would also reveal an image. 

If the images on cards match, the cards will be removed from the board.

If the cards do not match, they will flip back over displaying the original image.

The game will be over once all the images are matched and the board is empty.

Once the game is over a new title card will appear, which will display that the user has won. The game winner title card will also show
the timer as well as a 'play again button.'

If the user decides to play again, the board will be randomized and users will be able to play again.


Define required constants: - doesnt change
    define squares with an img
    

Define required variables used to track the state of the game:
    deck of cards/images - we need to know 1. the image on the card 2. if it is flipped or not
    what card is currently picked
    use a board array for squares
    Use a winner variable after board has been completed - is there a winner?
    the current time
    turns tally

Store elements on the page that will be accessed in code more than once in variables
 Store the 16 elements that represent the squares on the page.

 Upon loading the app should:
    randomize the cards/images
    put cards on the board
    initialize a timer
    initialize moves tally

Player clicking a square:   
        need check if a card has already been picked
        if there is a card already picked, compare the next card with the picked card
            if image matches, cards will be removed from the board
            if images do not match, card flips over



